sessions = [
    TrainingSession(
        name="Strength & Power Boost",
        description="This session focuses on building overall strength and power using a combination of
        compound movements like squats, deadlifts, and bench presses. Participants will go through structured
        progressive overload training, ensuring gradual muscle growth. The session also includes accessory exercises
        to improve muscular endurance, core stability, and injury prevention techniques. Ideal for individuals looking
        to increase strength and power efficiently.",
        capacity_people=12



    ),
    TrainingSession(
        name="High-Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) Burn",
        description="A high-energy, fast-paced session designed to maximize fat burn and cardiovascular endurance.
        This HIIT workout incorporates a mix of bodyweight exercises, kettlebell swings, and sprint intervals to
        keep the heart rate elevated. Each session is structured with work-rest ratios to push participants to
        their limits while allowing enough recovery for maximum performance. Suitable for those aiming to
        improve stamina and overall conditioning.",
        capacity_people=15
    ),
    TrainingSession(
        name="Mobility & Flexibility Workshop",
        description="This session is tailored for individuals who want to improve mobility, prevent injuries, and
        enhance overall body movement. Using a combination of dynamic stretching, joint mobilization drills,
        and deep tissue release techniques, participants will learn how to move efficiently. This class is
        beneficial for athletes, lifters, and anyone dealing with stiffness or movement restrictions.",
        capacity_people=10
    ),
    TrainingSession(
        name="Functional Fitness Challenge",
        description="A well-rounded session focusing on real-world strength, agility, and endurance. The class
        includes a variety of functional movements such as kettlebell swings, sled pushes, tire flips, and resistance
        training. Designed to mimic everyday movements, this class enhances overall physical preparedness while keeping
        the workouts engaging. A great choice for those wanting to build practical strength and endurance.",
        capacity_people=20
    ),
    TrainingSession(
        name="Athletic Performance Training",
        description="A performance-driven session tailored for athletes and sports enthusiasts looking to improve speed,
        agility, and explosiveness. The workout includes plyometric drills, sprint mechanics, agility ladder exercises,
        and resistance band work to enhance muscle activation. Whether you're training for a sport or just want to level
        up your athletic abilities, this session provides structured drills to boost performance.",
        capacity_people=18
    )
]
